Documentation update - E2E tests (#293)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/e2e_tests.md

## Overview

End-to-end (E2E) tests currently check if you can install and then uninstall btp-manager using an OCI module image.
The flow is as follows:
1. create an OCI module image
2. push the image to the registry
3. create a Kubernetes cluster
4. wait for the btp-operator OCI module image to be available in the registry
5. wait for the btp-manager image to be available in the registry
6. download the btp-operator OCI module image
7. install the BTP Manager using `kubectl apply`
8. verify if deployment is in the `Available` state
9. install the BTP Operator
10. verify if BTP Operator has the `Ready` status equal to `True`.
11. create Service Instance and Service Binding with either real or dummy credentials 
12. when real credentials are used verify if Service Instance and Service Binding have the `Ready` status `True`, 
if dummy credentials are used verify if both have `Ready` status `NotProvisioned`
13. uninstall BTP Operator
14. uninstall BTP Manager 

### CI pipelines

> The OCI module image is created by the Prow presubmit job named 'pull-btp-manager-module-build'. The actual execution is done by the `./scripts/create_module_image.sh` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Prow presubmit job, `pull-btp-manager-module-build`, creates the OCI module image. The `./scripts/create_module_image.sh` script does the actual execution.
```

This script sets appropriate environment variables and invokes `make module-build`. In effect, the module is built, and the OCI module image is pushed to the registry. 

> The registry URL and component name are pre-defined. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry URL and component name are predefined. 
```

> **NOTE:**
> The module image tag has the form `0.0.0-PR-<PR number>` due to component description requirements imposed by the tooling used.
 

> The tests are executed by GitHub Actions workflow (`run-e2e-tests-reusable.yaml`). The Kubernetes cluster is created, and sources are checked out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub Actions workflow executes the tests (`run-e2e-tests-reusable.yaml`). The Kubernetes cluster is created, and the sources are checked out.
```

The workflow waits till the OCI module image is available for fetching.

> The OCI module image is fetched from the registry by the `./scripts/testing/run_e2e_module_tests.sh` script. This script creates the required prerequisites, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `./scripts/testing/run_e2e_module_tests.sh` script fetches the OCI module image from the registry. This script creates the required prerequisites, 
```

1. creates the binary `btp-manager:${PR_NAME}` image, and pushes it to the k3d registry.
2. creates the OCI module image `component-descriptors/kyma.project.io/module/btp-operator:0.0.0-${PR_NAME}`, and pushes the module to the k3d registry.

> 3. downloads the btp-operator OCI module image from k3d registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. downloads the btp-operator OCI module image from k3d registry.
```

> 4. installs BTP Manager, BTP Operator, Service Instance and Service Binding
> 5. verifies states of resources
> 6. uninstalls BTP Operator and BTP Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. installs BTP Manager, BTP Operator, Service Instance, and Service Binding.
5. verifies states of resources.
6. uninstalls BTP Operator and BTP Manager.
```
